Greetings everyone.
In this session we are gonna show you
how to download the android images off
the website.
>> So the first thing were gonna do
is go to the 96Boards.org website.
And as soon as you go to the website,
you're gonna see a blue micro controller
right here called the Dragon Board 410c.
So we're gonna click on that, and it's
gonna take us to this page right here.
And we're gonna click on downloads.
And once you get to downloads,
you're gonna see a section called
the latest Micro SD Card images.
And right now we're gonna download
the Android operating system.
So we're gonna click right here.
Android 5.1 Lollipop.
And it's gonna start downloading.
And while this is downloading,
we're gonna go into the next section and
download the tool that's gonna allow us to
write the Android image onto the SD card.